currencies are always fluctuating on the
foreign exchange markets a weak currency
can be great for exports while
simultaneously be bad domestically take
Venezuela as an example of a situation
where the currency crisis isn't helping
exports and its value is declining
rapidly the euro is dying and many
countries have discussed leaving The
single currency or potentially leaving
the euro Zone all together who will be
next you came here for the truth let's
talk about France today and then so many
other important issues beginning right
away with the issue of France the
presidential candidate Leen
repeatedly has said the Euro was bad for
France but she talks about what they are
going to do as a result her plan if she
gets in and she's quickly becoming the
favorite to introduce a new
Frank this is bold a bold step at a rate
of can you believe it one to one on the
Euro that I believe is bold it
shows that they want this to be
representative of a strong currency a
strong nation of course they would allow
it to fluctuate and she even admits what
would happen as a result I'll get into
that in just a
moment What's Happening Here in
France is you know really a followup to
what's going on with the brexit we've
also seen uh other countries talk about
that what about uh Greece suggesting
that they would leave they it was
rumored that they start printing up the
drma again even there was rumors about
Germany printing up uh the marks again
we don't know exactly what is 100% true
all that we know is that people don't
want to be under a tyranny anymore
that's just the way it is they they have
woken
up Le Pen said the new Frank would
likely
Fall against whatever currency Germany
uses making French car exports more
competitive but said it might Rise
Against the currency in Italy a country
she said would also be better off
without the Euro I completely age agree
with this I've been you know discussing
this for literally
years meeting household income in the
21st century I want to switch gears here
and get into the trend of this video
what I really want to talk about real
growth since 2000 nominal growth since
2000 okay let's look at the fake growth
the garbage growth the stupid things
that you see all over the mainstream
media we're growing we're growing we're
growing and it just happens to be a
whole big Croc a whole bunch of Lies
look at the reality we are in negative
growth right now at this time this is
since the year 2000 so many people you
know the Millennials
generation who know nothing
about the growth of the past are seeing
this they see a false sense of
prosperity not the true sense since 2000
something happened all the
markets they used to be all out of sync
if a market crash was happening in Japan
you would pull your money out you put it
in the US you'd put it in Europe and you
can sort
of take a little bit
of a Sidetrack and you can you know
become safe again but that isn't the way
things are since the year 2000 all
markets have moved together in lock step
the same goes for the economies everyone
around the world is suffering sure to a
different degree but it's all happening
all at the exact same time this is the
decline and people keep saying
constantly constantly you're a
fearmonger you're an idiot you're stupid
and I have just one response look
outside your window look how many people
just on this channel alone in the
comments they're talking about how
they're in poverty how they have to eat
one time a day because they can't damn
well afford to eat more how is the real
economy globally I assure you it's
terrible you got 10 cities you've got
poverty you've got unemployment like we
have never seen before in some cases
look at what's happening in Europe but
yet still still there are people who are
clearly too privileged too you know fed
with a silver spoon all their lives I
guess because they seem to be doing good
well if you're doing good then good for
you but I'm here to talk about the
people that are struggling or the people
that will be struggling in the near
future we are in for one hell of a ride
and I'm here to continue to bring out
the information which shows that I'm not
here to paint a pretty picture if you
want a pretty picture there's lots of
garbage on TV that you can watch that
will show you that I assure you let's
move on here consumer price index for
all Urban consumers all right the CPI
one of the fake numbers that the
government produces and you can see that
over time it was slowly slowly
increasing since approximately 1970
however we've seen that increase at a
higher
rate if they were to actually
show
that the um CPI was increasing at at the
rate it actually does then it would be a
much more dramatic Spike I mean you
would see this thing practically up in a
straight line it's just a matter of fact
when you go to the store you buy your
groceries you pay your energy bills you
see the truth now of course if you're
growing your own garden you had some
land you had a few chickens maybe you
had
um solar panels water catchment you
would know or at least
you wouldn't feel most of that but
that's not the majority of
people student and car loans guess what
does it surprise anybody that this is
rising yet
again month after month after month they
gets boring to see a chart that doesn't
have
any any change in it there's no change
if you want to gamble on something this
is the one this is what to gamble on I
bet that's student loans will increase
next month well you don't have to go too
far-fetched to believe that it will this
right here we're talking about and I'll
just highlight it for you at the very
top Urbano Fitters tumbles as the CEO
warns retail bubble has burst now if I
forget to check up on this at a later
date you might want to because I have a
feeling the Urban Outfitter CEO is going
to get fired for telling the truth this
created a bubble and like how that
bubble has now
burst we are seeing the results doors
shuttering and rents retreating this
trend will continue for the foreseeable
future and may even accelerate that is
not my quote that's not David CTI that's
not from the money GPS this is from the
Urban Outfitters CEO yes it's only one
CEO and it's only in one field but it
does show you what's happening it sounds
like it's something that I say all the
time time for the foreseeable future and
it may even accelerate but here it is
there's some stats in here if you're
interested like I said it's only one
small part but it's very important Ron
Paul has said something very very smart
and uh this is related to the Arizona
State committee passing a bill to treat
gold as money and remove the capital
gains tax it's huge news huge news I'm
so excited about this we ought not to
tax money and that's a good idea it
makes no sense to tax money paper is not
money it's a substitute for money and
it's a
fraud very good words right there
because he knows that when you give the
central Bankers the authority to print
up currency they're going to abuse it I
mean it's a fact it's a fact it's been
you know something that's been played
all around history all throughout the
world no difference there and then what
I really like is how he said this the
responsibilities on the states to follow
the
Constitution the states need to follow
Constitution what a
novelty of course in general they won't
Trends in the fertility rate something
that I cover very often and uh a lot of
people which I find strange actually in
the alternative news and forget about
the mainstream media they don't cover
this I don't know why but it's it's so
important look at the fertility rates at
the lowest level they've been since they
started measuring them in
1909 and this is for the
US the lowest level in over a 100
years this is not a good thing you need
that replacement rate if there was no
bubble and there was you know everything
was just sort of fine fine you still
need all of the youngsters to pay off
for the uh you know those down in the
future as they work they're paying into
their dues and then you get it back
later on the Ponzi schemes Medicare
Medicaid everything else who's going to
pay for it all well the fact is that at
some point they're going to have to
quote unquote reform entitlements this
is as I talked about in my first
book uh in uh a little bit of detail
that people are going to Riot if you cut
back on what they think they're owed or
what they paid into as a matter of fact
they will Riot and then just for fun
Stephen Hawking everybody's favorite
he's
suggesting the
world sorry without a world government
technology will destroy us suggesting
that it's going to be a world government
which saves us he says the truth
definitely that you know with machines
and artificial intelligence eventually
that could be uh posing a danger he says
look what we need is a world government
that's going to be the solution you're
not even allowed to say World Government
without then following that up with
conspiracy theory but if you are Stephen
Hawking you could apparently get away
with that he's not a conspiracy theorist
he's a
physicist and apparently it's okay for
him to say this I find that funny anyway
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
then I know you will find my book The
Money GPS even more informative so head
over to Amazon where you'll see a look
inside feature that's going to actually
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care